README.md, before:

## Discord UI Cleanup CSS

This CSS snippet removes the most annoying bloat and Nitro upselling from the app, including (but not limited to)

- Super Reactions from context menus
- Nitro-Upsell Buttons from the main UI
- Little things I find useless and annoying

### Usage

This Snippet should work with any custom theme you've added to your client. Just copy and paste it into your custom CSS box.

Alternatively, you can import the [raw file URL](https://gist.githubusercontent.com/justrainer/750db759fd7caea08979a24f77ef9147/raw/DiscordCleanup.css) into your client as a custom theme.

If you don't know how to inject CSS into your client, take a look at the mini-mod [OpenAsar](https://openasar.dev/) or the full-on client mod [Vencord](https://vencord.dev/).
Both allow to enter custom CSS without having to import it as a file or from a URL.

*This gist is updated whenever I find new things that annoy me. I will **not** implement requests from others - you are free to remove additional components on your own though.*

Commit message:

updated readme with repo info

README.md, after:

## Discord UI Cleanup CSS

This CSS snippet removes the most annoying bloat and Nitro upselling from the app, including (but not limited to)

- Super Reactions from context menus
- Nitro-Upsell Buttons from the main UI
- Profile Customization Banners
- Other little things I find useless and annoying

### Usage

This Snippet should work with any custom theme you've added to your client. Just copy and paste it into your custom CSS box.

Alternatively, you can import the [raw file URL](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/justrainer/discord-ui-cleanup/main/DiscordCleanup.css) into your client as a custom theme.

If you don't know how to inject CSS into your client, take a look at the mini-mod [OpenAsar](https://openasar.dev/) or the full-on client mod [Vencord](https://vencord.dev/).
Both allow to enter custom CSS either directly as CSS or from a URL with auto-updating.

*This file is updated whenever I find new things that annoy me. If you want to request additions, create an issue on the repo.*
